E2E clusters creation retry different regions/zones (#671)
knative/test-infra: scripts/README.md

   if the default values don't fit your needs:

   - `E2E_CLUSTER_REGION`: Cluster region, defaults to `us-central1`.

>    - `E2E_CLUSTER_BACKUP_REGION`: Backup cluster regions for retry, defaults to `us-west1 us-east1`. (Retry is only triggered when there is a stockout)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `E2E_CLUSTER_BACKUP_REGIONS`: Space-separated list of regions to retry test cluster creation in case of stockout. Defaults to `us-west1 us-east1`.
```

Reviewer: nit: For readability and consistency, use REGIONS in the var name.

   - `E2E_CLUSTER_ZONE`: Cluster zone (e.g., `a`), defaults to none (i.e. use a regional
     cluster).

>    - `E2E_CLUSTER_BACKUP_ZONE`: Backup cluster zone for retry, defaults to none. If defined `E2E_CLUSTER_BACKUP_REGION` will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `E2E_CLUSTER_BACKUP_ZONES`: Space-separated list of zones to retry test cluster creation in case of stockout. If defined, `E2E_CLUSTER_BACKUP_REGION` will be ignored thus it defaults to none.
```

Reviewer: nit: For readability and consistency, use ZONES in the var name.

>    - `E2E_CLUSTER_BACKUP_ZONES`: Space-separated list of zones to retry test cluster creation in case of stockout. If defined, `E2E_CLUSTER_BACKUP_REGION` will be ignored thus it defaults to none.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `E2E_CLUSTER_BACKUP_ZONES`: Space-separated list of zones to retry test cluster creation in case of stockout. If defined, `E2E_CLUSTER_BACKUP_REGIONS` will be ignored thus it defaults to none.
```
